What did you iron when you were a child?
I want to race
I want to surprise the four seasons
What was I thinking?
My daughter Xiao Xiao is clearly by my side
Mo Xinxin hopes you will be in a while
Don't pass out on stage halfway through the jump
Why don't you dance?
Don't jump, get down quickly, don't waste everyone's time
Your mother is an old mathematician
Surgery and hospital expenses 120,000
This is the adopted daughter you adopted, right?
Sure enough, it has the style of your youth
What are you doing?
You got it wrong.
This is my adopted daughter Yuan Xiaoxiao
I'm sorry.
Actually, this contestant looks just like you.
I just got it wrong.
Teacher Zhang, please announce the result of the competition
I announce the winner of this dance competition is
Lin Xiaoxiao